# GasRMDkit-V1.0
This program is used for post-processing gas phase reaction simulations, mainly including bonding analysis, species analysis, reaction network drawing and reaction search functions

# Software Overview

**GasRMDKit V1.0** is a software designed specifically for post-processing and analyzing Reactive Molecular Dynamics (RMD) simulation reactions. The software can automatically process trajectory files generated by LAMMPS software running RMD simulation reactions and perform automated analysis on species bonding and reaction networks throughout the simulation process. GasRMDKit is divided into three modules: data preprocessing, species statistical analysis, and reaction network analysis, covering 8 basic functions. This software is extremely helpful for understanding reaction processes and analyzing reaction mechanisms.

GasRMDKit V1.0 is written in Python and can run on any platform that supports Python, offering excellent scalability and versatility.

## Hardware and Software Environment

- **CPU**: 32-bit Intel i3 or above, AMD Athlon or above.
- **Hard Disk**: Recommended 128GB or above.
- **Memory**: 16GB or above.
- **Operating System**: Windows 7 or above, Linux, or MacOS.
- **Application Software**: Anaconda (Python 3.9 or above).

## Operation Instructions

GasRMDKit V1.0 is very easy to use; you only need to install a Python environment. It is recommended to install Anaconda to configure the running environment, making it easy to manage and call the necessary dependency libraries when running the software.

## Environment Installation and Activation

The Python packages and their corresponding version information required by GasRMDKit V1.0 are as follows:

- `pycosat` - 0.6.4
- `tqdm` - 4.65.0
- `pandas` - 1.5.3
- `numpy` - 1.26.2
- `matplotlib` - 3.5.2
- `backports.functools_lru_cache` - 1.6.4
- `networkx` - 2.8.4

After configuring the environment, execute `conda activate env_name` in the terminal to activate the environment, then enter the GasRMDKit-V1.0 folder.

## Module Loading and Data Preprocessing

Modify the `config.py` configuration file information. The `work_path` should be the absolute path of the atom bonding information file, which is output by LAMMPS software after running RMD simulation reactions (specifically output via the `fix reaxff/bonds` command); `bondfile_name` is the name of the bonding information file; `dumpfile_name` is the name of the trajectory information file after running LAMMPS; `N_Frame` is the number of time frames you want to analyze, determined by the specific reaction output information; `type_dic` is the element ID corresponding to different elements in the LAMMPS simulation. Example information is as follows:

```python
# config.py
# Parameter Configuration
work_path = "C:/Users/Administrator/Desktop/Pidata_trans/Mo3O9/sulphuration/data8.30/1500_seed3/"
bondfile_name = "bonds.reaxff"
dumpfile_name = "atominfo.lmp"
N_Frame = 1000
type_dic = {1: 'Mo', 2: 'O', 3: 'S'}
